So finally let's see how you can work with shipping classes.
The only tab that we have is the shipping classes.
Q And for a kid what are going to select next year on that shipping class on that right.
And it said something like insurance insurance and that's how insurance for your brother or something
like that and save the shipping as he considers LARC is generated by the Bruijn.
So now you can shop in the shipping sun's in the United States but not the.
For example let's say that we want to have an insurance if the user pays dollars in the flat rate.
We're going to get some insurance or we're going to click on it at the bottom we have shipping class
cost.
So from here you can see that we can add the insurance so that Satine dollars some extra to the shipping
and the pros and you can see that we can make the calculation better class and you can see we can also
make that the calculation that in this case I went to use better class.
So we're going to save the changes then you need to specify which brokes are going to have this insurance.
So we're going up and the products and let's say that we want to offer the insurance in the company.
This looks like approach there can be mass in the shipping so we're to open the kid and Rachel at the
bottom we have shipping and procured you cannot ship in class and you cannot get insurance.
So this way for example you can create your class and then you decide which products will have this
class.
So lots of ladies there are of course some products where there is no reason to have an insurance.
So for example the towels they want break in they in the shipping or something.
So we have to come get and see if we have a good right here.
You know we're going to remove that thought which received one of them and see a run up there they cut
in again what we're going on at the checkout
and you can see if we had a flat rate in now we take 20.
So in the case for example if I opened the shop and let's say that we had these bycatch Rohit Bukhara
you can see that flattery is true anywhere in the United States.
And if I remove these these won't cause the insurance.
And this one does not can I update and open the checkout again.
And you can see the captain.
So where are you in the next $3 to the pros that you decide to have the insurance.
And that's something nice.
Some clients will ask you to add some extra fees for handling and everything and that's the way that
you can make these U.S. glasses.
So this is it for the shipping so you can see shipping methods are really really powerful in commerce.
So hopefully you found these chapter headful and that's continue in the next media.